README.md, before:

# Underwatch

[![LICENSE](https://img.shields.io/github/license/mashape/apistatus.svg?style=flat-square&label=LICENSE)](https://github.com/SE-TINF22B6/Underwatch/blob/main/LICENSE)
[![Java CI with Gradle](https://github.com/SE-TINF22B6/Underwatch/actions/workflows/gradle.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/SE-TINF22B6/Underwatch/actions/workflows/gradle.yml)
[![React CI](https://github.com/SE-TINF22B6/Underwatch/actions/workflows/react.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/SE-TINF22B6/Underwatch/actions/workflows/react.yml)
[![Spring Boot CI](https://github.com/SE-TINF22B6/Underwatch/actions/workflows/spring.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/SE-TINF22B6/Underwatch/actions/workflows/spring.yml)

Top-Down Dungeon Crawler
<br />
<br />

## Introduction

This is the Top-Down Dungeon Crawler game made with [libgdx](https://libgdx.com/).

## Features

- exquisite maps
- high score board
- in-game shop
- pay2win system


## Tech Stack

- libGDX
- Gradle
- Java
- Postgres
- React
- JavaScript
- Typescript

### Prerequisites

- Java install
- Internet connection (for highscore upload)

Commit message:

add photo and some project status

README.md, after:

# Underwatch

[![LICENSE](https://img.shields.io/github/license/mashape/apistatus.svg?style=flat-square&label=LICENSE)](https://github.com/SE-TINF22B6/Underwatch/blob/main/LICENSE)
[![Java CI with Gradle](https://github.com/SE-TINF22B6/Underwatch/actions/workflows/gradle.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/SE-TINF22B6/Underwatch/actions/workflows/gradle.yml)
[![React CI](https://github.com/SE-TINF22B6/Underwatch/actions/workflows/react.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/SE-TINF22B6/Underwatch/actions/workflows/react.yml)
[![Spring Boot CI](https://github.com/SE-TINF22B6/Underwatch/actions/workflows/spring.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/SE-TINF22B6/Underwatch/actions/workflows/spring.yml)

![Underwatch](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1159394211959943170/1161915305438756924/8-LG1gGJzDl6hv2Zd.png?ex=6555b874&is=65434374&hm=5e149fbdb0e48ce6efdbce24b17fa01da9d5635636898ade66bacbfc6ba116ed&)
<br />
<br />

## Introduction

This is the early beta version of Top-Down Dungeon Crawler game made with [libgdx](https://libgdx.com/).

## Features

- exquisite maps
- high score webpage
- in-game shop
- pay2win system(in future release)

## Project status
**Implemented:**
- [X] Setup workaround
- [X] Select image for the game
- [X] Basic CI/CD
- [X] Setup webpage
- [X] Build test map
- [X] Create Wikipage for the arc42 documentation

**Still working:**
- [ ] Better readme
- [ ] Webpage for highscore
- [ ] website 404 Page
- [ ] Create Personas
- [ ] Create database to store highscore
- [ ] Better Map

**Not implemented:**
- [ ] In-game shop
- [ ] Pay2win
- [ ] Tutorial
- [ ] Menu options


## Tech Stack

- libGDX
- Gradle
- Java
- Postgres
- React
- JavaScript
- Typescript

### Prerequisites

- Java install
- Internet connection (for highscore upload)
